Improved makefile (#23)
aragon/token-voting-plugin: packages/contracts/CHANGELOG.md

- Bumped OpenZepplin to `4.9.6`.
- Used `ProxyLib` from `osx-commons-contracts` for the UUPS proxy deployment in `TokenVotingSetup`.
- Hard-coded the `bytes32 internal constant EXECUTE_PERMISSION_ID` constant in `TokenVotingSetup` until it is available in `PermissionLib`.

> - Adjusted `prepareInstallation` in `TokenVotingSetup` to stop granting the `UPGRADE_PLUGIN_PERMISSION_ID` to the Dao.
> - Updated `prepareUpdate` function in `TokenVotingSetup` to revoke the `UPGRADE_PLUGIN_PERMISSION_ID` from earlier plugin builds when it was granted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the `prepareInstallation` function in `TokenVotingSetup` to not unnecessarily grant the `UPGRADE_PLUGIN_PERMISSION_ID` permission to the installing DAO.
- Changed the `prepareUpdate` function in `TokenVotingSetup` to revoke the previously unnecessarily granted `UPGRADE_PLUGIN_PERMISSION_ID` permission from the installing DAO.
```
